c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\RestClient.NET.dll
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
c:\Users\ad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test rest client\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
